{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue51;\red163\green217\blue121;\red109\green109\blue109;
\red255\green249\blue89;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c99946\c98636\c25320;\cssrgb\c69337\c86836\c54718;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;
\cssrgb\c100000\c96976\c42052;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Title: Welcome to the ER: Please Take a Number\
You wake up feeling like a team of ninjas has been stabbing you in the belly all night. The pain is relentless \'97 twisting, bloating, pulsing \'97 and you can\'92t tell if it\'92s your intestines or a demon.\
The pain in your stomach becomes unbearable. You can\'92t walk. You\'92re doubled over, gasping, sweat pouring down your face. You plead with your partner to call 911.\
When the paramedics arrive, your partner has to spend twenty minutes convincing them that you\'92re not nine months pregnant and in labor. The bloating is so extreme you look like you\'92ve swallowed a basketball. Your skin is stretched tight \'97 so tight you\'92re surprised you don\'92t burst into stretch marks.\
They try and fail to find a vein. You tell them it\'92s always like this, that you need ultrasound guidance, but they insist they know what they\'92re doing. Eventually, they give up and jab you with an intramuscular injection of fentanyl. It hits bone. You scream.\
The bruising is immediate and deep. You won\'92t be able to lift your arm high enough to put on a shirt for a month.\
You go to the ER.\
Triage takes hours. You crochet a queen-sized blanket while waiting for a hallway gurney. You\'92re offered Tylenol, a lidocaine patch (for your stomach), and eye rolls. The pain is upper gastric spasms. The patch is for muscle pain. You tell them. They nod and hand you a psych eval form.\
Eventually, someone wheels you off for abdominal X-rays. Standing up is nearly impossible, but no one seems to care. You\'92re hunched over in pain, clinging to the imaging table, and still get reprimanded for being dramatic. They\'92re looking for a small bowel obstruction, even though your chart says you\'92re on two daily bowel preps. The radiologist notes say \'93excessive gas and diarrhea.\'94 You whisper, \'93Idiots.\'94\
\cb2 Later, they wheel you to get another CT scan with contrast \'97 your sixth in as many weeks. You do the mental math on the radiation. If the illness doesn\'92t kill you, the scans might. You pull up the radiology report on your phone and feed it into ChatGPT. It swears: \'93WHAT THE HELL ARE THEY EVEN LOOKING FOR? THIS IS LIKE MEDICAL BINGO WITH A SHOTGUN.\'94\cb1 \
You\'92re wheeled back to the hallway. Still no room.\
You try to make it to the bathroom, but the bed alarm shrieks. A nurse yanks you back. You shit your pants and vomit into your lap. You ring the call button every two hours, begging for help. Each time, you\'92re told, \'93Your nurse will be there soon.\'94 They never are.\
At 7 p.m., the shift changes. The nurses who tried to help are replaced by ones who won\'92t even make eye contact. You\'92re too tired to re-explain everything, and too afraid of being labeled difficult if you do.\
\cb3 A psychiatrist finally arrives and interrupts your story with one of his own: \'93I once couldn\'92t stop burping for two weeks. Turned out it was stress from Chipotle. You know the gut-brain connection, right?\'94\
You stare at him.\
He nods and scribbles into your chart. The nurse comes in next with Benadryl and Ativan \'97 the usual cocktail. \'93The doctor ordered it for your comfort,\'94 she says. You ask for something else \'97 maybe something that helps you sleep through the pain, or an anti-anxiety med to help you cope. She labels you drug-seeking. It\'92s written in your chart.\
Later, she comes back to your bed, this time without meds but with a monologue. She pulls up her sleeve to reveal a full sleeve of colorful tattoos \'97 mandalas, phoenixes, celestial bodies inked across skin like a map of forced transformation. She tells you how trauma made her whole, how pain taught her to heal, how every needle and heartbreak became art. She recommends tattoos for you. Says her $500 juice cleanse and charcoal pills were game-changers. Tells you how she swears by her $30-per-class spin regimen, and that it cured her 'toxin overload' \'97 though she can\'92t really explain what toxins are. That mindfulness healed her gut.\cb1 \
You want to scream.\
Instead, you nod. Because if you challenge her, you\'92ll be labeled again. Maybe even restrained. And right now, staying still is the only defense you have left.\
When you\'92re not sedated, you\'92re vomiting. When you\'92re not vomiting, you\'92re waiting.\
You post a TikTok from the hallway. It goes viral.\
You call it: 
\f1\b \'93Live from Gurney Gulag: DIY IVs, Paper Pants, and the Stench of Neglect\'94
\f0\b0  \'97 filmed from your side-lying position, with an emesis bag in one hand and a crochet hook in the other. You narrate it deadpan: \'93Day 3 of being marinated in my own medical mystery. So far I\'92ve collected 12 bruises, 2 missed veins, 1 existential crisis, and zero functioning IVs.\'94\
A nurse in triage had insisted you could be stuck \'93just fine\'94 despite your warning about needing ultrasound-guided access. She tried anyway. Missed. Tried again. And again. After the fifth miss, she sighed and said, \'93Well, someone\'92ll come with the ultrasound eventually.\'94\
Hours passed. The tech finally arrived with a clunky machine and a look of practiced pity. They dug around your collapsed arm until the vein finally gave way \'97 but by then, your hand looked like overripe fruit.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 TikTok Caption:
\f0\b0  \'93ER tip #248: Crochet quietly in the corner until they forget you exist, then reappear with 14 emesis bags and a glow-up of rage.\'94\
The comments pour in. \'93Same.\'94 \'93They gave me Tums for internal bleeding.\'94 \'93I laughed so hard I aspirated my Ensure.\'94\
You post another TikTok. Then another. They get darker. Funnier. More surreal. One features sock puppets reenacting your last blood draw. Another is just you deadpan lip-syncing to Billie Eilish while holding a sign that says \'93Guess how many days I\'92ve been NPO?\'94\
You start seeing your story reposted \'97 stitched by other creators, quoted in Facebook groups, referenced in r/ChronicIllness. Nurses slide into your DMs. Some horrified, some helpless, some furious.\
One nurse writes: 'We tried. We really did. I paged GI four times. They never came. I\'92m so sorry.'\
Another comments under your post: 'Maybe if you ate more vegetables and didn\'92t want attention this wouldn\'92t happen.'\
You get ghosted for hours again. The charge nurse never looks you in the eye. You hear her whisper to another nurse that you\'92re \'93probably anorexic\'94 and \'93just want Dilaudid.\'94\
You lie there in silence. Because saying anything would only make it worse.\
Eventually, you\'92re discharged in paper scrubs \'97 the kind that rip when you sit down. There\'92s a shit stain on the back because no one gave you a change after the bathroom incident. Your clothes are missing. The Uber driver cancels when he sees you. You collapse on a bench outside the hospital until you can text your partner.\
He comes, 30 minutes later. He brings ginger ale and emesis bags.\
You vomit twice on the drive home. You collapse in bed. He hooks up your feed, but the formula is wrong. You throw that up, too. You email your doctor through the portal, begging for a port. No reply.\
You suck on ice chips. You take the Golytely like it\'92s punishment. You do five to ten loads of laundry a day. You cry. You think about not existing. You think about the TikTok comments. You think about your partner.\
He\'92s lived with central sensitization for 25 years. He collapsed under bridges in the Russian winter trying to get to class. He grew up in a Soviet apartment with no phone and no certainty. His mother told him, \'93Buy whatever they have,\'94 because the shelves were always empty. He has known pain longer than you\'92ve known diagnoses.\
Now he carries your emesis bag.\
You understand him more now. You love him more now. Because he never failed to understand you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Choice:
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tell the psychiatrist directly this isn\'92t psychiatric and ask for a supervisor. (go to "Escalated")\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Try to sound calm and agreeable to avoid being labeled. (go to "Medicated Anyway")\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Escalated
\f0\b0  You ask for a supervisor. The psychiatrist disappears. Hours later, a nurse appears with an Ativan syringe. You refuse. A patient advocate shows up. She listens. She promises to escalate. That night, a new doctor reads your chart. It\'92s not a cure. But it\'92s the first time you feel seen.\

\f1\b Medicated Anyway
\f0\b0  You smile and play nice. You\'92re sedated anyway. The psych note says, \'93Patient responded well to anxiolytics. Likely stress-related.\'94 You\'92re discharged with no answers, paper scrubs, and a pamphlet on managing anxiety. You laugh. Then cry. Then wonder if you\'92ll come back \'97 or if next time, you won\'92t leave.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Cycle of Solidarity
\f0\b0  At your next ER visit, you see another patient \'97 scared, alone, dry-heaving. You slide over a TikTok card. You explain what to screenshot. You tell them they\'92re not crazy. You do for them what no one did for you.\

\f1\b \cb5 The Resistance
\f0\b0  You collect everything: medical records, TikToks, radiology notes. You annotate them in red pen. You build a searchable timeline. You write blog posts, make videos, host livestreams, drop screenshots. You start a newsletter called 'Gurney Dispatches.' You make a digital zine called 
\f2\i The Patient Will See You Now.
\f0\i0 \cb1 \
You start getting messages \'97 not just from fellow patients, but nurses, techs, even residents. They\'92re horrified. They want to help. They want to tell their stories too.\
You name names. You\'92re angry in public. And people join you. The ER didn\'92t believe you. But the world will.\
You stare at the ceiling. You don\'92t want to die. But you don\'92t want to live like this. Your partner walks in and says, \'93You made it through another one.\'94 And for a moment, that\'92s enough.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 But the story isn't over. Not even close.\
You're awoken at 3 a.m. by a phlebotomist jabbing at your hand \'97 the only visible vein left. They miss three times, draw too little, and promise to come back. They do. Thirty minutes later.\
At 6 a.m., another nurse wakes you up for meds. You haven't slept. You can't.\
You're still on a bed alarm. You still have no nurse call button. You're still in scrubs with a giant stain. They give you a menu. You laugh. As if you could eat. As if you weren\'92t NPO and vomiting up even water. You ask for mouth swabs. They forget.\
The nurse ghosts you. The same one who rolled her eyes when you asked for help reaching the bathroom. You beg. Still nothing.\
\cb2 Eventually, a security guard is stationed at your door. He\'92s bored. He brags about his Kanye West merch, shows you grainy photos of his new sneakers, and insists you\'92d be healed if you 'stopped resisting the Lord\'92s plan.'\
Then he offers unsolicited health advice. 'You ever try apple cider vinegar and sea moss gel? Cleared up my auntie's lupus.'\cb1 \
You try to shift positions.\
'Yeah, pain is real, but it\'92s also a choice,' he says. 'I had a sore back once from doing deadlifts wrong. Chiropractor changed my life.'\
You vomit just to make him stop.\
When you try to go to the bathroom \'97 in agony, desperate \'97 you\'92re yanked back by your arm. You shit yourself again. You\'92re left to sit in it until someone remembers you exist. They never bring clean clothes. Your emesis bag pile reaches Mount Everest levels.\
You\'92re labeled. Again. This time for \'93behavior.\'94\
\cb5 At discharge, your Uber refuses the ride. You collapse on the bench. You text your partner, even though you know asking him to come will flare his condition. He comes anyway. Because he always does.\
You crash into bed. He hooks up your pump. The feeding tube dangles like a lifeline \'97 except this one is full of the wrong formula, pumped at a rate designed for a body that isn\'92t yours. You vomit almost immediately. The nausea coils in your gut like barbed wire.\cb1 \
You reach for the nurse call button \'97 only to remember it never existed. You were on a hallway gurney. Then a bed with a broken cord. Now home with a tube you can\'92t tolerate and a body that refuses to comply.\
You email your team. You beg for help. For a port. For anything.\
No reply.\
\cb3 You can\'92t even sip water without retching. Your lips are peeling. Your joints scream when you move. You start keeping a tally of how many towels you\'92ve ruined \'97 bile, formula, blood. Five loads of laundry a day. Sometimes ten. The smell never quite leaves.\cb1 \
\cb2 You sit there in your paper scrubs, still stained from the hospital, because no one thought to find your clothes. You wrap a blanket around yourself like armor. You rock, and breathe, and whisper through cracked lips, \'93This can\'92t be it.\'94\
And still, no one comes.\
You want it to end.\
But he\'92s there. And you\'92re still breathing. And somewhere, someone else is crocheting their own ER blanket, waiting for a nurse who will never come.\
You get it now.\
And maybe, just maybe, you can help them survive too.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Resources
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
TikTok: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tiktok.com/@littlemissdiagnosis"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 @littlemissdiagnosis}}\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Podcasts: 
\f2\i Uninvisible Pod
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i Sickboy
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i No End in Sight
\f0\i0 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Facebook Groups: (Kristen will provide list)\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Toolkit: Patient advocate scripts, symptom tracker PDFs, radiology report translator\
}